Used as an expression of anguish, horror, rage, or other strong emotion, often with humorous intent.
In or behind the stern of a ship.
Concerning; Regarding; used to indicate movement within a particular area.
Overlooking or in extended space over and not touching.
The improper use of something.
Having or showing a perceptive understanding or insight; severe.
A goodbye or farewell.
Used to express farewell.
Confess to be true or to allow someone to enter a place.
Legally take (another's child) and bring it up as one's own; choose to take on something.
Down, downward; to or in a lower place.
Emotionally and mentally mature.
In preparation or progress; on foot.
Before.
Into conflict or difficulty with.
In the time following an event; at a future time.
Another time; once more.
A person's mouth wide open in surprise or wonder.
A person who acts on the behalf of another person or group.
A small bell made of two joined metal cones, used as a percussion instrument in African and Latin music.
Past or bygone.
To have the same opinion about something; concur.
Further forward in space; in the line of one's forward motion; onwards.
With sails furled and helm lashed alee.
Used to express regret or dismay.
A military standard abbreviation for "all concerned".
On one's life; dearly.
In the same manner or form; similarly.
To adjust or form to a line; to range or form in line; to bring into line.
Alert and active; animated.
To let someone have or do something; to give the necessary time for something.
Up in or into the air; overhead.
A Hawaiian word used when greeting or parting from someone; In Hawaii, it means fellowship.
Indicating that something is confined to the specified subject or recipient.
Moving in a constant direction on a road, path, or any more or less horizontal surface.
Not friendly or forthcoming; cool and distant; detached.
Audibly; not silently or in a whisper.
Change in character or composition, typically in a comparatively small but significant way.
Not quite right; inappropriate or out of place.
Being a member or members of a larger set.
Enough or more than enough; plentifully.
In a violently raging, wild, or uncontrolled manner.
A strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure or hostility.
Feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or hostility; full of anger.
At a quick pace; swiftly.
To or on one side; at a distance from the main body.
The round fruit of a tree of the rose family which typically has thin green or red skin and crisp flesh.
To make a formal application or request.
In a manner that is appropriate or suitable in the circumstances.
To raise up such as to rise up in rank or in status.
To exchange or express diverging or opposite views, typically in a heated or angry way.
To emerge or become apparent; to stand up.
To one side; out of the way.
Not in a straight or level position; awry.
Anything at all.
To stop or cease.
To keep away from or to stop oneself from doing something.
A prize or mark of recognition given in honour of an acheivement.
Concerned and well informed about a particular situation or development.
Very bad or unpleasant; ghastly.
Used to emphasize the seriousness of an unpleasant event or action.
A cluck of a chicken; Often used to indirectly call someone a coward.
Used to express anger, annoyance, or shock, or simply for emphasis.
The essential facts or principles of a subject or skill.
Enough.
A pebbly or sandy shore, especially by the sea between high- and low-water marks.
Used to express surprise or for emphasis.
At a lower level or layer than; extending underneath.
The emergence of a baby from it's mothers womb.
Of the very darkest colour owing to the absence of or complete absorption of light; the opposite of white.
To pronounce words in a religious rite in order to confer or invoke divine favour upon; ask God to look favourably on.
The bulging part of a cask or barrel.
Unable or nearly unable to see; lacking in judgment or understanding.
A large solid piece of hard material, especially rock, stone, or wood, typically with flat surfaces on each side.
The red liquid that circulates in the arteries and veins of humans and other vertebrate animals, carrying oxygen to and carbon dioxide from the tissues of the body.
A long, thin, flat piece of wood or other hard material, used for floors or other building purposes.
An organ of soft nervous tissue contained in the skull of vertebrates, functioning as the coordinating centre of sensation and intellectual and nervous activity; intellectual capacity.
Well done; very good; excellent; used to praise a female performer.
Ready to face and endure danger or pain; showing courage.
Used to express approval when a performer or other person has done something well; villain or assassin.
Food made of flour, water, and yeast mixed together and baked.
Separate or cause to separate into pieces as a result of a blow, shock, or strain.
Of short duration; a set of instructions given to a person about a job or task.
Take or go with someone or something to a place.
Having a distance larger than usual from side to side; wide.
A colour produced by mixing red, yellow, and blue, as of dark wood or rich soil.
A person who makes a purchase.
Having or showing shrewdness and good judgement, especially in money or business matters.
Support and move someone or something from one place to another.
To intercept and hold something which has been thrown, propelled, or dropped.
A person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or condition.
A series of linked metal rings used for fastening or securing something, or for pulling loads.
A separate seat for one person, typically with a back and four legs.
Low in price, especially in relation to similar items or services; inexpensive.
An examination to test or ascertain accuracy, quality, or satisfactory condition.
A large strong box, typically; torso.
A leader or ruler of a people or clan.
A young human being below the age of puberty; an immature person.
A fine white or translucent vitrified ceramic material.
A chicken or fowl.
Often preceding a date approximately.
Relating to ordinary citizens and their concerns; courteous and polite.
State or assert that something is the case, typically without providing evidence or proof.
Assign or regard as belonging to a particular category.
Free from dirt; morally uncontaminated; pure; innocent.
Easy to perceive, understand, or interpret.
An ascent, especially of a mountain or hill, by climbing.
A mechanical or electrical device for measuring time.
Only a short distance away or apart in space or time.
A comfortably equipped single-decker bus used for longer journeys.
The part of the land adjoining or near the sea.
An act of determining the total number of something.
A body of people presided over by a judge, judges, or magistrate, and acting as a tribunal in civil and criminal cases.
A thing which lies on, over, or around something, especially in order to protect or conceal it; shelter or protection.
In a way that shows reluctance to give details about something regarded as sensitive.
Mad, especially as manifested in wild or aggressive behaviour.
The thick white or pale yellow fatty liquid which rises to the top when milk is left to stand and which can be eaten as an accompaniment to desserts or used as a cooking ingredient.
An action or omission which constitutes an offence and is punishable by law.
A mark, object, or figure formed by two short intersecting lines or pieces; annoyed.
A large number of people gathered together in a disorganized or unruly way.
A circular ornamental headdress worn by a monarch as a symbol of authority, usually made of or decorated with precious metals and jewels.
A series of events that are regularly repeated in the same order.
Every day.
An exclamation of surprise or annoyance.
A series of steps and movements that match the speed and rhythm of a piece of music.
The action or fact of dying or being killed; the end of the life of a person or organism.
With a faint light; not brightly.
Covered or marked with an unclean substance; dishonest; grimy.
Used to indicate that something already said is applicable a second time.
A feeling of uncertainty or lack of conviction.
A preliminary version of a piece of writing.
An exciting, emotional, or unexpected event or circumstance.
A series of thoughts, images, and sensations occurring in a person's mind during sleep.
A one-piece garment worn by women and girls that covers the body and extends down over the legs.
In a matter-of-fact or ironically humorous way.
A liquid that can be swallowed as refreshment or nourishment.
A trip or journey in a car.
In a dry way or condition.
In a manner that lacks interest or excitement.
Before the usual or expected time.
The planet on which we live; the world; soil.
Containing nothing; not filled or occupied.
A person who is actively opposed or hostile to someone or something.
Take delight or pleasure in an activity or occasion.
Come or go into a place.
An act of going or coming in; an item written or printed in a diary, list, account book, or reference book.
Being the same in quantity, size, degree, or value.
The state or condition of being wrong in conduct or judgement.
A planned public or social occasion.
Not approximated in any way; precise.
Have objective reality or being.
An item in addition to what is usual or strictly necessary.
A sudden loss of consciousness.
Complete trust or confidence in someone or something.
Made to imitate something in order to deceive.
In a smug manner; richly.
An unattractive or unsatisfactory feature, especially in a piece of work or in a person's character.
An area of open land, especially one planted with crops or pasture, typically bounded by hedges or fences.
Constituting number five in a sequence; 5th.
A violent confrontation or struggle.
Coming at the end of a series; last.
Coming before all others in time or order; earliest; 1st.
In a proper manner or place or at a proper time.
The lower surface of a room, on which one may walk.
The centre of interest or activity.
Coercion or compulsion, especially with the use or threat of violence.
A thing at which someone excels.
out or away.
a border that surrounds and supports a picture, door, or window.
honest, sincere, and truthful, even if there is a risk of causing bad feelings.
recently made, done, arrived, etc and especially not yet changed by time.
Euphemistic form of fuck.
the part of a building, object, or person's body that faces forward or is most often seen or used.
an edible and usually sweet product of a plant or tree that contains seeds or a pit .
a soft sweet made from sugar, butter, and milk.
completely.
humorous; causing laughter.
out; outside; to the outside.
happily or brightly.
in a joyous manner.
extremely large.
a hard, transparent material, used to make windows, bottles, and other objects.
devoutly religious; pious.
used to express surprise or delight.
magnificent and imposing in appearance, size, or style.
agree to give or allow (something requested) to.
vegetation consisting of typically short plants with long, narrow leaves, growing wild or cultivated on lawns and pasture, and as a fodder crop.
slang for spanish (gracias) or itallian (gratzi) meaning thank you when your lazy to say thank you just say Gratz.
of an extent, amount, or intensity considerably above average.
of the colour between blue and yellow in the spectrum; coloured like grass or emeralds.
(especially of wrongdoing) very obvious and unacceptable.
a number of people or things that are located, gathered, or classed together.
estimate or conclude (something) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct.
show or indicate the way to (someone).
by chance, luck, or accident.
feeling or showing pleasure or contentment.
unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
Hasta (hand), a Sanskrit word meaning hand gesture or position.
widespread destruction.
a hollow muscular organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system by rhythmic contraction and dilation, In vertebrates there may be up to four chambers (as in humans), with two atria and two ventricles.
of great weight; difficult to lift or move.
extremely (used for emphasis).
used as a greeting or to begin a phone conversation.
as a consequence; for this reason.
the SI unit of inductance, equal to an electromotive force of one volt in a closed circuit with a uniform rate of change of current of one ampere per second.
a large plant-eating domesticated mammal with solid hoofs and a flowing mane and tail, used for riding, racing, and to carry and pull loads.
an establishment providing accommodation, meals, and other services for travellers and tourists.
in a passionate, intense, or angry way.
a building for human habitation, especially one that consists of a ground floor and one or more upper stories.
Expressing a range of emotions and commands, especially encouragement or exasperation.
an informal friendly greeting, particularly associated with the western US states.
say or shout ‘hello’.
a human being.
used to express approval or delight.
in an icy or reserved manner.
satisfying one's conception of what is perfect; most suitable.
a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.
indicate the truth or existence of (something) by suggestion rather than explicit reference.
an alphabetical list of names, subjects, with reference to the pages on which they are mentioned.
below; further on.
situated inside or further in; internal.
what is put in, taken in, or operated on by any process or system.
an important topic or problem for debate or discussion.
a country in East Asia formed of a group of islands.
name of the man who Christians believe was the son of God, and whose teachings are the basis of Christianity.
Quickly.
a point at which parts of an artificial structure are joined.
happy and cheerful.
a fixation on or compulsive desire for someone or something, typically a drug; an addiction.
a public officer appointed to decide cases in a law court.
Representing the sound of an explosion, a gunshot, a hard punch or blow, etc. 
an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle, used for cutting or as a weapon.
of considerable or relatively great size, extent, or capacity.
an act of laughing.
Victorious in Spirit.
in a permissively lenient manner.
a sheet, quantity, or thickness of material, typically one of several, covering a surface or body.
gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.
go away from.
relating to the law.
(Especially as a direction) slowly.
a horizontal plane or line with respect to the distance above or below a given point.
a steel device for gripping heavy blocks of stone or concrete for lifting, consisting of three pieces arranged to form a dovetail, the outside pieces being fixed in a dovetail mortise by the insertion of the middle piece.
the natural agent that stimulates sight and makes things visible.
a point or level beyond which something does not or may not extend or pass.
relating or restricted to a particular area or one's neighborhood.
not firmly or tightly fixed in place; detached or able to be detached.
used to express surprise or dismay.
low in status or importance; humble.
having, bringing, or resulting from good luck.
a meal eaten in the middle of the day, typically one that is lighter or less formal than an evening meal.
in a mad, wild, or uncontrolled manner.
the power of apparently influencing events by using mysterious or supernatural forces.
important, serious, or significant.
walk in a military manner with a regular measured tread.
join together; combine harmoniously.
a contest in which people or teams compete against each other in a particular sport.
perhaps; possibly.
compassion or forgiveness shown towards someone whom it is within one's power to punish or harm.
a solid material which is typically hard, shiny, malleable, fusible, and ductile, with good electrical and thermal conductivity (eg iron, gold, silver, and aluminum, and alloys such as steel).
lesser in importance, seriousness, or significance.
with the subtraction of.
a three-dimensional representation of a person or thing or of a proposed structure, typically on a smaller scale than the original; a thing used as an example to follow or imitate.
a current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes; coins and banknotes collectively.
each of the twelve named periods into which a year is divided.
concerned with the principles of right and wrong behavior.
a machine, especially one powered by electricity or internal combustion, that supplies motive power for a vehicle or for another device with moving parts.
the opening and cavity in the lower part of the human face, surrounded by the lips, through which food is taken in and vocal sounds are emitted.
vocal or instrumental sounds (or both) combined in such a way as to produce beauty of form, harmony, and expression of emotion.
(of a person or part of the body) without clothes; expressed openly; undisguised.
very bad or unpleasant.
relating to a navy or navies.
beneath.
at no time in the past or future; not ever.
only just; recently.
the period from sunset to sunrise in each twenty-four hours.
in a way that shows fine personal qualities or high moral principles; gallantly.
a sound, especially one that is loud or unpleasant or that causes disturbance.
the direction in which a compass needle normally points, towards the horizon on the left-hand side of a person facing east, or the part of the horizon lying in this direction.
a fictitious prose narrative of book length, typically representing character and action with some degree of realism.
a person trained to care for the sick or infirm, especially in a hospital.
happen; take place.
in a way that is different to what is usual or expected; strangely.
present or proffer (something) for (someone) to accept or reject as desired.
frequently; many times.
the arrangement or disposition of people or things in relation to each other according to a particular sequence, pattern, or method.
denoting a person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about.
used to indicate duty or correctness, typically when criticizing someone's actions.
outside; external.
a person who owns something.
a flat or curved component, typically rectangular, that forms or is set into the surface of a door, wall, or ceiling.
material manufactured in thin sheets from the pulp of wood or other fibrous substances, used for writing, drawing, or printing on, or as wrapping material.
a social gathering of invited guests, typically involving eating, drinking, and entertainment.
freedom from disturbance; tranquility.
decrease or fade gradually before coming to an end.
a small group of words standing together as a conceptual unit, typically forming a component of a clause.
sound-transmitting device microphone radiophone.
a large keyboard musical instrument with a wooden case enclosing a soundboard and metal strings, which are struck by hammers when the keys are depressed, the strings' vibration is stopped by dampers when the keys are released and can be regulated for length and volume by two or three pedals.
a portion of an object or of material, produced by cutting, tearing, or breaking the whole.
a person who operates the flying controls of an aircraft.
the quality of a sound governed by the rate of vibrations producing it; the degree of highness or lowness of a tone.
a particular position, point, or area in space; a location.
having no pretensions; not remarkable or special.
a flat surface on which a straight line joining any two points on it would wholly lie.
a living organism of the kind exemplified by trees, shrubs, herbs, grasses, ferns, and mosses, typically growing in a permanent site, absorbing water and inorganic substances through its roots, and synthesizing nutrients in its leaves by photosynthesis using the green pigment chlorophyll.
a flat dish, typically circular and made of China, from which food is eaten or served.
set down heavily or carelessly.
measure (the depth of a body of water).
the tapered, sharp end of a tool, weapon, or other object.
a unit for measuring weight; One pound is approximately equal to 454 grams.
the ability or capacity to do something or act in a particular way.
apply pressure to (something) to flatten, shape, or smooth it, typically by ironing.
the amount of money expected, required, or given in payment for something.
a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements, the achievements of those with whom one is closely associated, or from qualities or possessions that are widely admired.
of first importance; main.
existing or coming before in time, order, or importance.
a thing given as a reward to the winner of a competition or in recognition of an outstanding achievement.
evidence or argument establishing a fact or the truth of a statement.
feeling deep pleasure or satisfaction as a result of one's own achievements, qualities, or possessions or those of someone with whom one is closely associated.
demonstrate the truth or existence of (something) by evidence or argument.
mentally prepare (someone) for a testing task or occasion.
the female ruler of an independent state, especially one who inherits the position by right of birth.
strange; odd.
moving fast or doing something in a short time.
making little or no noise.
to the utmost or most absolute extent or degree; absolutely; completely.
the transmission and reception of electromagnetic waves of radio frequency, especially those carrying sound messages.
lift or move to a higher position or level.
(In Japanese cuisine) quick-cooking noodles, typically served in a broth with meat and vegetables.
the area of variation between upper and lower limits on a particular scale.
Happening in a short time or at a great rate.
The quantitative relation between two amounts showing the number of times one value contains or it’s contained within the other.
Stretch out an arm in a specific direction in order to touch or grasp something.
In a suitable state for an action or situation, fully prepared.
To look at so as to understand the meaning of something written, printed etc.
Pass a matter to (a higher body) for a decision.
Make or become less tense or anxious.
Say something in response to something someone has said.
Morally good, justified, or acceptable.
A large natural stream of water flowing in a channel to the sea, a lake or another river.
Used to refer to people who descended from Rome, it derive from the Latin name "Romanus".
Having an uneven or irregular surface not smooth or level.
Shape like a circle or cylinder.
A way of course taken in getting from a starting point to a destination.
Having a status of a king or queen or a member of royal family.
A team game played with an oval ball that may be kicked, carried and passed from hand to hand.
In relating to, or characteristic of the country side rather than the town.
In a sad manner.
An ointment uses to convert healing of the skin or as protection.
Each of the small, thin, horny or bony plates protecting the skin of fish and repel, typically overlapping one another.
The place where an incident in real life or fiction occurs or occur.
An extend of the area or subject matter that something deals with or to which it is relevant.
The number of points, goals, runs, achieve in a game or by team or an individual.
To the country.
A faculty by which the body perceives and external stimulus, one of the faculty of sight, smell, hearing, taste and touch.
Perform beauties of services for another person or an organization.
Expressing a strong assertion or intention.
The external form, contours or outline of someone or something.
A part of portion of a larger amount which is divided among a number of people, or to which a number of people contribute.
Having an edge or point that is able to cut or pierce something.
a domesticated ruminant mammal with a thick woolly coat and (typically only in the male) curving horns.
nothing other than, unmitigated (used for emphasis).
a large rectangular piece of cotton or other fabric, used on a bed to cover the mattress and as a layer beneath blankets when these are used; a rectangular piece of paper, especially one of a standard size produced commercially and used for writing and printing on.
move or cause to move from one place to another, especially over a small distance; each of two or more recurring periods in which different groups of workers do the same jobs in relay.
not at ease in the company of others; easily frightened, timid.
a garment for the upper body made of cotton or a similar fabric, with a collar and sleeves, and with buttons down the front.
a sudden upsetting or surprising event or experience.
kill or wound (a person or animal) with a bullet or arrow; a young branch or sucker springing from the main stock of a tree or other plant.
measuring a small distance from end to end; lasting or taking a small amount of time.
a thing that one sees or that can be seen.
having or showing a lack of common sense or judgement, absurd and foolish.
To hear, be heard, Reputation.
in the intervening period between (the time mentioned) and the time under consideration, typically the present.
constituting number six in a sequence.
the ability to do something well; expertise.
toast, health —often used interjectionally.
(Of hair, fur, or skin) smooth and glossy.
a condition of body and mind that typically recurs for several hours every night, in which the nervous system is relatively inactive, the eyes closed, the postural muscles relaxed, and consciousness practically suspended.
of a size that is less than normal or usual.
having or showing a quick-witted intelligence.
a worker in metal, treat (metal) by heating, hammering, and forging it.
a visible suspension of carbon or other particles in air, typically one emitted from a burning substance.
draw up air audibly through the nose to detect a smell, to stop it running, or to express contempt.
firm and stable in shape; not liquid or fluid, having three dimensions.
find an answer to, explanation for, or means of effectively dealing with (a problem or mystery).
used as a call to pigs.
feeling sad or distressed through sympathy with someone else's misfortune; feeling regret or penitence.
vibrations that travel through the air or another medium and can be heard when they reach a person's or animal's ear.
the direction towards the point of the horizon ninety degree clockwise from east, or the point on the horizon itself.
a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied.
directly, completely.
additional to what is required for ordinary use; refrain from killing, injuring, or distressing.
say something in order to convey information or to express a feeling.
The rate at which someone or something moves or operates or is able to move or operate.
give (money) to pay for goods, services, or so as to benefit someone or something.
a desire to hurt, annoy, or offend someone.
break or cause to break forcibly into parts, especially into halves or along the grain.
an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment.
a small group of people having a particular task.
all the people employed by a particular organization.
a raised floor or platform, typically in a theatre, on which actors, entertainers, or speakers perform; a point, period, or step in a process or development.
have or maintain an upright position, supported by one's feet.
severe or bare in appearance or outline.
he points in time or space at which something has its origin; the beginning.
the particular condition that someone or something is in at a specific time.
the vapor into which water is converted when heated, forming a white mist of minute water droplets in the air.
a hard, strong grey or bluish-grey alloy of iron with carbon and usually other elements, used as a structural and fabricating material.
(of a slope, flight of stairs, or angle) rising or falling sharply; almost perpendicular.
a thin piece of wood that has fallen or been cut off a tree.
not moving or making a sound.
the goods or merchandise kept on the premises of a shop or warehouse and available for sale or distribution.
hard solid non-metallic mineral matter of which rock is made, especially as a building material.
a quantity or supply of something kept for use as needed.
the devotion of time and attention to gaining knowledge of an academic subject, especially by means of books.
matter, material, articles, or activities of a specified or indeterminate kind that are being referred to, indicated, or implied.
a particular procedure by which something is done; a manner or way.
a sweet crystalline substance obtained from various plants, especially sugar cane and sugar beet, consisting essentially of sucrose, and used as a sweetener in food and drink.
very good or pleasant; excellent.
having the pleasant taste characteristic of sugar or honey; not salt, sour, or bitter.
a piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, providing a level surface for eating, writing, or working at.
a current score or amount; a piece of wood scored across with notches for the items of an account and then split into halves, each party keeping one.
a Japanese short sword or dagger.
the sensation of flavor perceived in the mouth and throat on contact with a substance.
impart knowledge to or instruct (someone) as to how to do something.
a fabric with raised uncut loops of thread covering both surfaces, used especially for towels.
express gratitude to (someone), especially by saying ‘Thank you’.
an idea that recurs in or pervades a work of art or literature.
in, at, or to that place or position.
Shut up! interjection.
with opposite sides or surfaces that are far or relatively far apart.
archaic form of yours; the thing or things belonging to or associated with thee.
an object that one need not, cannot, or does not wish to give a specific name to.
have a particular opinion, belief, or idea about someone or something.
constituting number three in a sequence.
propel (something) with force through the air by a movement of the arm and hand.
a loud, heavy, slapping impact or the sound made by such an impact.
fixed, fastened, or closed firmly; hard to move, undo, or open.
a name that describes someone's position or job.
this present day.
comprising the whole number or amount.
come into or be in contact with.
able to endure hardship or pain.
a tall, narrow building, either free-standing or forming part of a building such as a church or castle.
a mark or line of marks left by a person, animal, or vehicle in passing.
the action of buying and selling goods and services.
Teach (a person or animal) a particular skill or type of behavior through practice and instruction over a period of time.
behave towards or deal with in a certain way; give medical care or attention to; try to heal or cure.
a general direction in which something is developing or changing.
a formal examination of evidence by a judge, typically before a jury, in order to decide guilt in a case of criminal or civil proceedings.
to the fullest degree; genuinely or properly.
firm belief in the reliability, truth, or ability of someone or something.
the quality or state of being true.
double in degree or quantity.
a silly or annoying person.
he brother of one's father or mother or the husband of one's aunt.
extending or directly below.
the action of joining together or the fact of being joined together, especially in a political context.
the state of being united or joined as a whole.
up to (the point in time or the event mentioned).
situated above another part.
make (someone) unhappy, disappointed, or worried.
in, relating to, or characteristic of a town or city.
habitually or typically occurring or done; customary.
complete; absolute.
of uncertain, indefinite, or unclear character or meaning.
(of an argument or point) having a sound basis in logic or fact; reasonable or cogent.
the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something.
actual; precise (used to emphasize the exact identity of someone or something).
the recording, reproducing, or broadcasting of moving visual images.
an instrument of the violin family, larger than the violin and tuned a fifth lower.
go to see and spend time with (someone) socially.
absolutely necessary; essential.
long live! (Used to express acclaim or support for a specified person or thing).
the sound produced in a person's larynx and uttered through the mouth, as speech or song.
mad; insane, a crazy person.
Used to express delight, pleasure, or exhilaration.
in a weak or pale or languid manner.
use or expend carelessly, extravagantly, or to no purpose.
an act or instance of carefully observing someone or something over a period of time.
a colorless, transparent, odorless liquid that forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain and is the basis of the fluids of living organisms.
in a way that involves water or another liquid.
in or to what place or position.
used to add extra information about something mentioned earlier.
during the time that; at the same time as.
a card game, usually for two pairs of players, in which points are scored according to the number of tricks won.
of the color of milk or fresh snow, due to the reflection of all visible rays of light; the opposite of black.
a thing that is complete in itself.
belonging to or associated with which person.
archaic term for whoever.
will helmet or protection.
usually used to express lament, grief, or concern.
an adult female human being.
used typically to express mild apology, surprise, or dismay.
the earth, together with all of its countries and peoples.
feel or cause to feel anxious or troubled about actual or potential problems.
(Expressing the conditional mood) indicating the consequence of an imagined event or situation.
An experience or object that the person feels is amazing, awe inspiring.
mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.
not correct or true; incorrect.
expressing aversion or disgust.
as a girls' name is of Arabic origin, and Yeesha means "alive and well".
used to express disbelief or exasperation.
having lived or existed for only a short time.
used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
the period between childhood and adult age.
(Onomatopoeia, slang, emphatic) Same as ouch, interjection.
used to express astonishment or admiration especially in response to something sudden or speedy.                     
Made of Potatoes, snack.                                                       
